EQUALS MONEY GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS - RETAIL (UK)

Under an agreement with Tribe Ltd, ("Programme Partner") who are contracted with Veloce Esports Limited to run the "Kolab by Veloce" fan-super-app, we provide You with access to card and payment services. The Programme Partner acts as a programme partner and is not a regulated financial services provider. You may have a separate agreement with the Programme Partner that governs your relationship with them. We are not a party to that agreement and are not responsible for its terms or performance.

1. These Terms

1.1 These Equals Money General Terms and Conditions (the "Terms") form a legal agreement between Equals Money PLC, Equals Money UK Limited, and Equals Money International Limited (together, "Equals Money", "us" or "we"); and you or the entity you represent ("you" or "your"), for the purpose of providing you with our Services.

1.2 These Terms apply from the date you first access or use the Services (the "Commencement Date") and govern your use of the Services.

1.3 By you using the Services, you confirm that you accept and agree to these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, you may not use the Services.

1.4 The provider of the Services under these Terms shall be Equals Money PLC, Equals Money UK Limited and/or Equals Money International Limited (as notified to you from time to time).

1.5 We may subcontract our obligations under these Terms to third parties as permitted under Applicable Laws.

1.6 You should download a copy of these Terms for future reference. You can always download a copy of the most current version of these Terms from our website. You can also request a copy of these Terms from us at any time.

2. Definitions

2.1 Capitalised terms that are not otherwise defined in these Terms have the meanings given below unless the context otherwise requires.

"Account Details"

has the meaning given in Section 11.5 of these Terms.

"Additional Services"

means the services described in Section 4.1 of these Terms.

"AML Laws"

means the UK Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017, as amended, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as amended, the Canadian Corruption of Foreign Officials Act, as amended and any U.K. anti-corruption laws (including the Bribery Act 2010).

"APP Scam"

has the meaning given in Section 18.1 of these Terms.

"Applicable Laws"

means any applicable law, regulation, rule, policy, judgment, decree, order or directive, at a state or local level, including, without limitation, AML Laws, Sanctions Laws, any regulatory guidelines or interpretations or regulatory permits and licenses issued by governmental or regulatory authorities having jurisdiction over you or us, that are applicable to you or us or your or our business or which either you or us are otherwise subject to, in each case in force from time to time.

"Authorised User"

has the meaning given in Section 10.1 of these Terms.

"Business Day"

means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday in England on which banks are open for normal banking business in London, United Kingdom.

"Card"

means Mastercard and/or Visa branded cards issued to you in accordance with the Card Service Terms, as applicable.

"Card Service"

has the meaning given in Section 4.1.1 of these Terms.

"Card Service Terms"

means the terms applicable to the Card Service set out in Schedule 1.

"Card Transaction"

has the meaning given in the Card Service Terms.

"CHAPS"

means the Clearing House Automated Payment System in the UK.

"Commencement Date"

has the meaning given in Section 1.2 of these Terms.

"DD Information"

has the meaning given in Section 6.1 of these Terms.

"Electronic Money Regulations 2011"

means the UK Electronic Money Regulations 2011 (Statutory Instrument 2011/99) as amended from time to time.

"Equals Money Platform"

means the technology platform through which you can access and use the Services.

"EUR"

means Euro, the official currency of the Eurozone.

"Eurozone"

means those member states of the EU that have adopted EUR as their official currency.

"Faster Payments"

means the Faster Payments Service for electronic sterling payments in the UK.

"Fee Changes"

has the meaning given in Section 9.4 of these Terms.

"Fees and Charges"

means the fees and charges applicable to the Services as set out in Annex A of these Terms.

"FOS"

has the meaning given in Section 28.3 of these Terms.

"FSCS"

has the meaning given in Section 19.3 of these Terms.

"Funding Method"

means each of the methods for adding funds to your Payment Account that we allow from time to time.

"FX Conversion"

has the meaning given in the FX Service Terms.

"FX Service"

has the meaning given in 4.1.2 of these Terms.

"FX Service Terms"

means the terms applicable to the FX Service set out in Schedule 2.

"FX Transaction"

has the meaning given in the FX Service Terms.

"GBP"

means British pounds sterling, the official currency of the UK.

"Insolvent"

means, in respect of a person (including for the avoidance of doubt a corporate person), that that person is unable to pay its debts as defined in s.123 (1) or (2) of the Insolvency Act 1986 EXCEPT THAT in the interpretation of this definition: (i) the words "it is proved to the satisfaction of the court that" in subsections (1)(e) and (2) of section 123 shall be deemed to be deleted; and (ii) a person shall not be deemed to be unable to pay its debts if any demand under section 123(1)(a) or section 268(1)(a) is being person in good faith by such person and such person has adequate funds to discharge the amount of such demand or if any such demand is satisfied before the expiration of twenty-one (21) days from the date on which it is made.

"Intellectual Property"

means all patents, patentable rights, copyright, design rights, utility models, trade marks (whether or not any of the above are registered), trade names, rights in domain names, rights in inventions, rights in data, database rights, rights in know-how and confidential information, and all other intellectual and industrial property and similar or analogous rights existing under the laws of any country and all pending applications for and right to apply for or register the same (present, future and contingent, and including all renewals, extensions, revivals and all accrued rights of action).

"Mastercard"

means Mastercard International.

"Network"

means any scheme governing the issuance, use and acceptance of a Payment Method.

"Network Rules"

means all applicable rules and regulations of Networks and operating guidelines, policies, procedures, manuals, announcements, bulletins and other requirements issued by the Networks from time to time.

"Payment Account"

means a payment account provided to you in accordance with these Terms.

"Payment Method"

means any Card or alternative (i.e. non-card) payment method used to carry out payments.

"Payment Request"

has the meaning given in 13.1 of these Terms.

"Personal Data"

any information about or relating to an identified or reasonably identifiable individual, including any information that falls within the meaning of "personal information" or "personal data" in the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 or the Data Protection Act 2018, including some or more of an individual's name, mobile phone number, address, date of birth, citizenship, place of birth, email addresses, identity documents (and their details), credit reference data, employment data, alternative phone numbers, social accounts, instant message addresses, device and fingerprint characteristics (whether collected using internal or third party applications) and any other details as agreed from time to time.

"Programme Partner Platform"

means the technology platform through which you can access and use the Services.

"PSRs"

means the UK Payment Services Regulations 2017 (Statutory Instrument 2017/752) as amended from time to time.

"Regulatory Authority"

means any governmental or regulatory authority, and/or any self-regulatory authority, governmental department, agency, commission, board, tribunal, crown corporation, or court or other law, rule or regulation making entity having jurisdiction over any of us or you and/or our businesses or any part or subdivision thereof in any territory in which the Services are made available or any local authority, district or other subdivision thereof (including any Tax Authority and, in respect of the United Kingdom, the Financial Conduct Authority, the Office of Fair Trading and the Office of the Information Commissioner) and any body which succeeds or replaces them.

"Reversal"

means the reversal, return or claw back for any reason of funds received by you including where initiated by you in relation to funds added by you to your Payment Account with a Funding Method.

"Sanctions Laws"

means any economic sanctions laws, regulations, embargoes or restrictive measures including the Sanctions List administered, enacted or enforced by: (i) the United States government; (ii) the United Nations; (iii) the European Union; (iv) the United Kingdom; or (v) the respective governmental institutions and agencies of any of the foregoing, including without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of Treasury ("OFAC"), the United States Department of State, and Her Majesty's Treasury (together "Sanctions Authorities").

"Sanctions List"

means the "Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons" list issued by OFAC, the Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets issued by Her Majesty's Treasury, or any similar list issued or maintained or made public by any of the Sanctions Authorities.

"Security Credentials"

means any password, PIN, access code, answer to security questions or similar that enables you to use or access the Services or the Equals Money Platform, or verify your, or an Authorised User's, identity to us.

"SEPA"

means the Single Euro Payment Area.

"Service Provider"

means the entity identified as the Service Provider in the relevant Service Schedule.

"Service Schedule"

means each service schedule attached to, and forming part of, these Terms.

"Services"

means the Services we provide in accordance with these Terms including (unless the context otherwise requires) any Additional Services you have been approved for.

"Supported Currency"

means a currency in which a Payment Account may be denominated and in which we allow you to make payments or FX Transactions from time to time.

"Tax" or "Taxes"

"Tax Authority"

means any tax, levy, impost, duty or other charge, fee, deduction or withholding of a similar nature, and any penalty, surcharge or interest payable in connection with the failure to pay, or delay in paying, any of these.

means any authority or person, whether of the UK, part of the UK or elsewhere, competent to impose, assess or collect any Tax.

"UK"

"VAT"

means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.

means any Tax in the nature of goods and services tax, consumption tax, supply or value added tax, sales and use tax, goods and services tax (GST) turnover tax, business tax (including gross receipts or gross business receipt tax) or any similar Tax in any jurisdiction.

"Visa"

means Visa Europe Limited.

2.2 Unless the context otherwise requires, use of the singular includes the plural and vice versa.

2.3 A reference to a statute or statutory provision is a reference to it as amended, extended or re-enacted from time to time.

2.4 References to you or Equals Money will include any successors, permitted assignees or transferees unless stated otherwise.

3. Use of the Services and Regulatory Information

3.1 Equals Money will provide the Services in accordance with these Terms.

3.2 The provider of the Payment Account and related payment services in accordance with these Terms shall be Equals Money PLC, Equals Money UK Limited and/or Equals Money International Limited (as notified to you from time to time).

3.2.1 Equals Money PLC is a public limited company registered in England & Wales under company number 05539698, and whose registered office address is at 3rd Floor, Vintners Place, 68 Upper Thames Street, London, EC4V 3BJ. Equals Money PLC is authorised as a payment institution by the Financial Conduct Authority under the PSRs (firm reference number 488396).

3.2.2 Equals Money UK Limited is a private limited company registered in England & Wales under company number 06268340, and whose registered office address is at 3rd Floor, Vintners Place, 68 Upper Thames Street, London, EC4V 3BJ. Equals Money UK Limited is authorised as a payment institution by the Financial Conduct Authority under the PSRs (firm reference number 504547).

3.2.3 Equals Money International Limited is a private limited company registered in England & Wales under company number 09558664, and whose registered office address is at 3rd Floor, Vintners Place, 68 Upper Thames Street, London, EC4V 3BJ. Equals Money International Limited is authorised as an electronic money institution by the Financial Conduct Authority under the Electronic Money Regulations 2011 (firm reference number 900493) for the provision of payment services and issuance of electronic money.

3.3 Subject to Section 3.4 of these Terms, you may use the Services and any relevant Additional Services from the Commencement Date.

3.4 You may not use the Services unless and until you have provided us with any DD Information we have requested in accordance with Section 6 of these Terms.

4. Additional Services

4.1 If you have been approved to receive any of the following additional services ("Additional Services"), the applicable Service Schedule shall apply in addition to these Terms:

4.1.1 the "Card Service" - the issuance of Cards and related payment services in accordance with the Card Service Terms; and

4.1.2 the "FX Service" - the provision of spot FX transactions and FX forward transactions in accordance with the FX Service Terms.

5. Service Schedules and Order of Precedence

5.1 The Service Schedules set out additional terms that apply to particular Additional Services. If these Terms conflict with any provision of a Service Schedule, the provision of the Service Schedule shall prevail, but only in relation to the particular Service to which that Service Schedule applies. Otherwise, these Terms shall prevail.

6. Due Diligence Information

6.1 You shall provide us with any information "DD Information" we request from time to time for the purposes of conducting customer due diligence checks and/or ongoing monitoring as required under Applicable Laws. This will include, but is not limited to, any information we require to verify your identity and source of funds in accordance with AML Laws and any Personal Data you provide as part of this process shall be held in accordance with Applicable Laws.

6.2 You shall notify us of any changes to DD Information as soon as reasonably practicable.

6.3 You agree that we may provide DD Information to Networks or other third parties for the purposes of complying with Network Rules or Applicable Laws.

6.4 You agree that your failure to comply with this Section 6 will be a material breach of these Terms and we shall have the right to terminate these Terms.

7. Our obligations

We shall provide the Services and the Additional Services in accordance with these Terms and the terms of any applicable Service Schedule, Applicable Laws and the Network Rules.

8. Your obligations

8.1 You shall at all times comply with:

8.1.1 these Terms and the terms of any applicable Service Schedule;

8.1.2 Applicable Laws; and

8.1.3 the Network Rules.

8.2 You shall pay the Fees and Charges when they become due.

8.3 You acknowledge and agree that if you do not do so, this shall be a material breach of these Terms and we shall have the right to terminate these Terms.

9. Fees and Charges

9.1 The Fees and Charges applicable to the Services are set out in Annex A of these Terms.

9.2 We may refuse to process your transaction(s) or provide any other Services to you until we have received the Fees and Charges from you (or any other amount due and payable to us).

9.3 You agree that we are authorised to deduct our Fees and Charges, any applicable Reversal amounts, or any amounts you owe us from your Payment Account. If you do not have sufficient funds in your Payment Account to cover these amounts, we may refuse to execute pending or future transactions or provide any Services to you and we may deduct funds sent to us for Services in the future.

9.4 We may, in our absolute discretion, waive, amend or increase our fees or introduce new fees from time to time ("Fee Changes"). Where we do so, we will notify you two (2) months before the Fees Changes become effective.

10. Authorised Users

10.1 You may appoint authorised users (each an "Authorised User") to use and access information about the Services under these Terms on your behalf.

10.2 You must notify us of each Authorised User by taking the relevant steps as shown on the Equals Money Platform.

10.3 You must inform us promptly if any detail previously provided about an Authorised User changes or is incorrect.

10.4 You shall ensure that your Authorised Users comply with these Terms and the terms of any applicable Service Schedule, and you shall be responsible for any acts or omissions of your Authorised Users.

10.5 You agree that your Authorised Users may give instructions to us in relation to the Services on your behalf and that we may rely on instructions given by Authorised Users unless and until you notify us in writing that such Authorised User is no longer authorised to do so.

11. Your Payment Account

11.1 Opening a Payment Account. You may request a Payment Account by either following the steps set out on the Equals Money Platform or on the Programme Partner Platform as applicable.

11.2 We may refuse to open a Payment Account for you or close, suspend or otherwise limit your access to your Payment Account if we are unable to verify, or you fail to provide, any information we have requested in accordance with the Terms, or the information you have provided is not correct, or we are required to do so by Applicable Laws or Regulatory Authority.

11.3 Your Payment Account allows you to:

11.3.1 hold funds;

11.3.2 spend, transfer, and receive funds; and

11.3.3 convert funds from one Supported Currency to another Supported Currency.

11.4 You acknowledge and agree that:

11.4.1 you shall not earn any interest on the funds you hold in your Payment Account;

11.4.2 you shall only hold funds in Supported Currencies;

11.4.3 you shall only hold funds that belong to you in your Payment Account; and

11.4.4 you shall not place a charge or any other form of security over funds held in your Payment Account.

11.5 Account Details. We will provide you with details ("Account Details") via the Equals Money Platform that allow you or a third party to send funds to your Payment Account.

11.6 Suspension of your Payment Account. We may suspend your Payment Account or otherwise restrict its functionality if we are required to do so by Applicable Laws, Regulatory Authority, our commercial partners or our service providers including, but not limited to, payments or banking services providers, or we reasonably suspect:

11.6.1 the security of your Payment Account has, or is likely to be, compromised;

11.6.2 fraudulent or unauthorised use of your Payment Account; or

11.6.3 you have breached these Terms.

11.7 We will notify you if we take any action under Section 11.6 unless we are prevented from doing so under Applicable Laws or to do so would compromise our security measures.

12. Adding money to your Payment Account

12.1 You may add funds to your Payment Account with a Funding Method by following the relevant instructions on the Equals Money Platform Programme or the Programme Partner Platform as applicable.

12.2 You are responsible for any fees or charges charged by a third party in relation to your use of a Funding Method to add funds to your Payment Account. We will only credit the amount we receive from a Funding Method to your Payment Account.

12.3 We may place limits on the amount of funds you can hold in your Payment Account or the amount that may be added with a particular Funding Method from time to time.

12.4 We will generally credit funds to your Payment Account when we receive them. The provider of your Funding Method is responsible for transferring funds to us.

12.5 We may refuse to credit or delay the crediting of funds to your Payment Account in accordance with Applicable Laws.

12.6 We may occasionally credit funds to your Payment Account before we receive funds, but we have no obligation to do so.

12.7 If we have credited funds to your Payment Account in accordance with Section 12.6 and we do not receive the funds, we may debit this amount from your Payment Account.

12.8 If we debit your Payment Account in accordance with Section 12.7 and this results in a negative balance on your Payment Account, you agree that such amount as is required to return your Payment Account to a positive or zero balance shall be recoverable by us as a debt and such debt shall be immediately due and payable by you to us.

12.9 Where permitted under Applicable Laws, you agree that we may charge you a fee of up to GBP 60 if we need to investigate or take other actions in relation to a Reversal.

13. Payments

13.1 Payment Requests. You may instruct us to make a payment (a "Payment Request") by following the relevant instructions and providing the requested information as prompted in the Equals Money Platform or in the Programme Partner Platform.

13.2 If you submit a Payment Request after 5pm on a Business Day or on a day that is not a Business Day (e.g., a weekend or bank holiday), your Payment Request will be deemed to be received on the next Business Day.

13.3 Payment Requests for payments that are to be executed at a future date will be deemed to be received on the date on which you request the payment to be made.

13.4 We may decline a Payment Request for any reason in accordance with Applicable Laws. We may provide our reason for declining a Payment Request unless we are prevented from doing so under Applicable Laws.

13.5 We may delay the execution of a payment in accordance with Applicable Laws if, without limitation, we need to confirm that the payment has been authorised by you or we require further information from you.

13.6 Execution of Payments. Once we have received your Payment Request, we will start to execute your payment immediately in accordance with the relevant Payment Request.

13.7 You will only be able to cancel or change a Payment Request where we are informed of the proposed cancellation or change before the end of the Business Day preceding the day of the proposed transaction.

13.8 We will only execute payments if you have sufficient funds in your Payment Account for the amount of the payment and any Fees and Charges or any other fees, charges or other amounts that you owe us under these Terms.

13.9 We may place limits on the types, value and number of payments you can make from time to time.

13.10 Completion of Payments. We shall provide the estimated completion time of payments when you make a Payment Request in accordance with Section 13.1.

13.11 We will use reasonable efforts to ensure that your payment is received by the payee within the timeframe notified to you. However, you acknowledge and agree that we cannot control how long it takes for the payee's payment provider to credit or otherwise make available funds to the payee.

13.12 For the following types of payments:

13.12.1 domestic payments in GBP; and

13.12.2 SEPA payments in EUR (including those in respect of which we carry out an FX Conversion between GBP and EUR in accordance with the FX Service Terms),

we shall credit the amount of the payment to the payee's payment service provider by the end of the Business Day after the day of the Payment Request.

13.13 Payments in other currencies could take up to three (3) Business Days for your payment to be credited to the payee's payment service provider.

14. Currency Conversions

If you wish to fund a payment in a different Supported Currency to the Supported Currency in which the payment will be made, we will perform the currency conversion for you in accordance with the FX Service Terms.

15. Finality of Payments

When you make a payment, the settlement and payout to the payee are final and irrevocable unless otherwise provided for in these Terms or as provided for under Applicable Laws.

16. Information on Payments

Records of your transactions will be available in the Equals Money Platform or in the Programme Partner Platform as applicable. You should check your records regularly and notify us immediately (and in any event no later than thirteen (13) months) to report any: (i) suspected or actual unauthorised payment; (ii) incorrectly initiated or executed payments such as those having not been executed, or having been executed late, or where the amount of the payment or the payee is incorrect; (iii) concerns about certain charges and interest you are liable to pay as a result of such transactions; or (iv) other security concerns regarding the Equals Money Platform or the Programme Partner Platform as applicable.

17. Unauthorised Payments

17.1 Subject to other provisions of this Section 17, if we become aware of an unauthorised payment, we will refund you as soon as practicable and, except as otherwise permitted by the PSRs, no later than the Business Day after we become aware of the unauthorised payment, and restore you to the position you would have been in if the unauthorised payment had not taken place.

17.2 We will have no liability for losses you incur arising from an unauthorised payment which you do not notify us of within thirteen (13) months of the date of the Payment.

17.3 You will be liable for any losses arising out of an unauthorised payment if:

17.3.1 we have reasonable grounds to suspect fraudulent behaviour by either you or your Authorised Users; or

17.3.2 where you or your Authorised Users have with intent or gross negligence failed to notify us of:

17.3.2.1 the loss, theft, or misappropriation of your Card or Security Credentials; or

17.3.2.2 the unauthorised payment(s).

17.4 Notwithstanding Section 17.1 of these Terms, you shall be liable for up to GBP 35 (or any other such amount permitted under Applicable Laws) for any losses incurred by you or an Authorised User in respect of unauthorised payments arising from the use of a lost or stolen Card or Security Credentials save that we will not hold you liable for such an amount if the unauthorised payment was caused either by our acts or omissions, or those of a third party expressly carrying out activities on our behalf.

17.5 Where we provide you with information regarding potential fraud in relation to the Services, we may incorporate your response (or lack thereof) into our assessment of whether there has been fraudulent behaviour in relation to your Payment Account or Authorised Users.

17.6 If you have given us incorrect instructions in relation to a payment, we may reasonably assist you to recover the funds, where possible, but do not guarantee that this would be successful.

17.7 Where we do refund you for an unauthorised payment, we will credit value date your Payment Account no later than the date on which the amount of the unauthorised payment was debited.

18. Authorised Push Payment Scams

18.1 You may be eligible for reimbursement in the event of an Authorised Push Payment scam ("APP Scam").  An APP Scam refers to a payment you make from your Payment Account to another UK account through Faster Payments or CHAPS where:

18.1.1 you have been tricked, manipulated or deceived into making the payment;

18.1.2 the payee is not the person you intended to pay or the payment is not for the purpose you intended; and

18.1.3 the payment was made on or after 7 October 2024.

18.2 You will not be eligible for reimbursement where:

18.2.1 the payment was made using your Card;

18.2.2 the payment was made to another account you or your Authorised User controls;

18.2.3 the payment was made for illegal purposes;

18.2.4 the payment was made to an account with a national savings bank, credit union or municipal bank in the UK; or

18.2.5 the payment related to a civil dispute (e.g., where you paid a legitimate supplier but were dissatisfied with the quality of the goods or services).

18.3 You should report any suspected APP Scams to us and the police as soon as possible (and at least within thirteen (13) months of the payment). You can report multiple transactions related to the same APP Scam in one claim. We may ask for your permission to report the APP Scam to the police on your behalf. If you do not give permission, it could affect your reimbursement eligibility.

18.4 We will only reimburse eligible transactions from your claim. When your claim is closed, we will inform you of the transactions we can reimburse and any that are ineligible. The maximum amount we can reimburse you for an APP Scam claim is up to the value and excess as set by Applicable Laws.

18.5 Your claim in relation to an APP Scam may be rejected where:

18.5.1 the transaction does not meet eligibility criteria;

18.5.2 you acted with gross negligence, provided false information or participated in the APP Scam; and/or

18.5.3 you did not report the APP Scam within thirteen (13) months of the transaction.

18.6 We may also reject an APP Scam claim if you have ignored a warning from us, the police or another authority that you might be the victim of an APP Scam or you have not provided us with any information we have requested to help us investigate your claim.

18.7 Where we reject a claim in relation to an APP Scam, we will explain the reasons for doing so save where we are prohibited from doing so under Applicable Laws.

18.8 If we accept your claim in relation to an APP Scam, we will refund you within five (5) Business Days. If we need more information, this could take up to thirty-five (35) Business Days.

19. How your money is protected

19.1 Equals Money is not a bank and your Payment Account is not a bank account.

19.2 For operational reasons, when you make a Card Transaction, Equals Money International Limited will issue you with an amount of e-money equal to the amount of the Card Transaction and such e-money shall immediately be applied to the relevant Card Transaction.

19.3 Funds held in your Payment Account (and any e-money issued for the purposes of a Card Transaction) are not insured by any deposit protection scheme, including the Financial Services Compensation Scheme ("FSCS").

19.4 We safeguard funds held in your Payment Account in accordance with the PSRs.

20. Closing your Payment Account

20.1 You may close your Payment Account by taking the steps set out on the Equals Money Platform or on the Programme Partner Platform as applicable.

20.2 We may not allow you to close your Payment Account if you have a negative balance, pending payment, an open dispute or claim in relation to a payment, or where required by Applicable Laws or a Regulatory Authority.

21. Changes to these Terms

21.1 We may change these Terms (including the Fees and Charges) by giving you two (2) months' prior written notice. We will consider that you have accepted the proposed changes if you do not terminate these terms by giving us written notice during the relevant notice period.

21.2 We may also make some changes immediately, without prior notice, if those changes:

21.2.1 are favourable to you;

21.2.2 are required by Applicable Laws or we are requested to do so by a Regulatory Authority; or

21.2.3 relate to the addition of a new service or extra functionality of our Services or Additional Services and do not affect terms relating to the existing Services or Additional Services.

21.3 You should stop using our Services if you do not agree to these changes. If you keep using our Services after we have announced such a change, we will treat you as having accepted the change.

22. Safety and security measures

22.1 You must not allow any person other than your Authorised Users to access the Services or the Equals Money Platform or the Programme Partner Platform as applicable.

22.2 You must not disclose your Security Credentials to anyone other than Authorised Users and shall make reasonable efforts to protect the security of your Security Credentials.

22.3 Any Security Credentials that you create must not use identifiable numbers, words or phrases that could be easily guessed by someone else.

22.4 If you suspect that someone else has access to or knows your Security Credentials, you must notify us of this immediately.

23. Tax

23.1 Fees and Charges are exclusive of all Taxes (save where expressly stated otherwise).  If any supply made by us of the Services is subject to VAT, you must pay in addition to any Fees, Charges or other consideration for the supply, an amount equal to the VAT payable.

23.2 You are solely responsible for determining which, if any, Taxes apply to the payments you make or receive in connection with your use of the Services and it is your responsibility to collect, report and pay any such Taxes due.

23.3 If we are required by Applicable Laws to collect or withhold any Taxes, we may deduct those Taxes from amounts otherwise owed to you and pay those Taxes to the appropriate authority.

24. Data protection

24.1 By accepting these Terms, you hereby consent to us accessing, processing, and/or retaining any Personal Data necessary to provide Services, whether in relation to you or your Authorised Users.

24.2 Any Personal Data you provide to us in connection with these Terms shall be held in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy for more information on how we use and protect your Personal Data and privacy rights.

25. Intellectual property

25.1 Nothing in these Terms shall cause the ownership of any or our Intellectual Property to be transferred to you.

25.2 We and/or our licensors shall, remain the owner of all Intellectual Property in our brands, trademarks and logos, product(s) and the Services. Except as expressly permitted by these Terms you may not use our Intellectual Property without our prior written consent.

25.3 Subject to the provisions of these Terms, you are granted a non-transferable, non-exclusive licence to access and use the Services. Except as expressly set out in these Terms all rights in and to the Services are reserved to us.

26. Termination and suspension of these Terms

26.1 We may terminate these Terms at any time by giving you two (2) months' notice.

26.2 We may without notice suspend or terminate any part or all of these Terms or any Service Schedule or any of the Services or Additional Services or block payments if:

26.2.1 we suspect criminal activity on your Payment Account or fraudulent use of the Services;

26.2.2 we reasonably believe you have fraudulently requested a refund of an unauthorised payment;

26.2.3 we reasonably believe you have breached Applicable Laws or Network Rules;

26.2.4 you have materially breached these Terms or any Service Schedule;

26.2.5 you have provided false or inaccurate information, or we have been able to verify any information you have provided;

26.2.6 we are unable to obtain satisfactory DD Information on you (or, where applicable) your beneficial owners;

26.2.7 you are Insolvent; or

26.2.8 we are required to do so by a Regulatory Authority or Network or are otherwise required to do so under Applicable Laws.

26.3 For the avoidance of doubt, the termination of these Terms will automatically result in the termination of any Service Schedule.

27. How to contact us

27.1 You can write to us at Equals Money, 3rd Floor, Vintners Place, 68 Upper Thames Street, London, EC4V 3BJ.

27.2 Alternatively, you may call or email us using the details below:

27.2.1 General enquiries: Email - solutions@equalsmoney.com  / Tel: +44 (0)20 7778 9302

27.2.2 Legal enquiries: Email - legal@equalsmoney.com

27.3 We will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide you with regular customer support in the English language.

28. Complaints

28.1 If you feel we have not met your expectations and would like to make a complaint, please get in touch and we will investigate your concerns.

28.2 Our contact details are as follows:

28.2.1 Tel: +44 (0)20 3977 1335

28.2.2 Email: complaints@equalsmoney.com

28.3 If you are not happy with how we have resolved your complaint, you may forward your complaint to the Financial Services Ombudsman ("FOS") by:

28.3.1 Tel: +44 300 123 9 123 or +44 800 023 4567 from 8am-8pm Monday to Friday and from 9am-1pm on Saturdays.

28.3.2 Email: complaint.info@financial-ombudsman.org.uk

28.3.3 Online: https://help.financial-ombudsman.org.uk/help

28.4 If your complaint concerns payment services, you can also complain to the Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates financial firms in the UK to ensure that they operate in a fair and transparent manner.

29. Governing law

29.1 These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.

29.2 You irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts over any dispute, controversy or claim (including non-contractual claims) arising under or in connection with these Terms.

SCHEDULE 1

CARD SERVICE TERMS

Under an agreement with Tribe Ltd, we provide you with access to card and payment services. Tribe Ltd acts as a programme partner and is not a regulated financial services provider. Tribe Ltd are contracted with Veloce Esports Limited to run the "Kolab by Veloce" fan-super-app, which governs your relationship by a separate agreement. We are not a party to that agreement and are not responsible for its terms or performance.

1. Introduction

1.1 Where you have been provided with the Card Service, the following terms ("Card Service Terms") will apply in addition to our Customer Terms and shall govern the use of Cards by you and any Additional Cardholders.

1.2 The provider of the Cards Service is Equals Money International Limited and the issuer of the Cards is Equals Money International Limited.

1.3 You agree to pay the Fees and Charges applicable to the Card Service.

1.4 Unless otherwise defined in section 11 of these Card Service Terms, all capitalised terms have the meanings given in the glossary available on our website.

1.5 By requesting a Card, you accept and agree to these Card Service Terms.

1.6 If you do not agree to these Card Service Terms, you may not apply for, or use, the Cards.

2. Applying for a Card

2.1 You or an Authorised User may request the issuance of a virtual card that is available through the Equals Money Platform or tokenised to a mobile device ("Virtual Card") or a physical card ("Physical Card") to you or an Additional Cardholder via the Equals Money Platform, over the phone or by email.

2.2 You agree that you will be bound by any request by an Authorised User for the issuance of a Card.

2.3 You must provide the required information on Additional Cardholders via the Equals Money Platform, over the phone or by email.

2.4 We reserve the right to refuse to issue a Card to any person for any reason.

2.5 Cards may be denominated in a Supported Currency.

2.6 If we approve your request for a Card, we will:

2.6.1 provide the Card Details to you via the Equals Money Platform if the Card is a Virtual Card; or

2.6.2 send the Card to the address you provide to us, if the Card is a Physical Card.

2.7 You must comply with any instructions we give to you from time to time regarding the use of Cards whether through the Equals Money Platform or otherwise.

3. Card Transactions

3.1 Your Card (whether it is a Physical Card or Virtual Card) must be linked to your Payment Account (a "Funding Account").

3.2 Cards can only be used for Card Transactions up to the value of your balance held in your Funding Account at any given time. We do not provide credit in relation to Card Transactions.

3.3 You must therefore ensure that your Funding Account has sufficient balance for your purchase or the Card Transaction will be rejected.

3.4 Where a Card Transaction is made in a different currency to the Funding Account, such a Card Transaction must be paid for in the same currency in which the Funding Account is denominated. Any FX Conversion shall be subject to the FX Service Terms.

3.5 You are liable for all Card Transactions, and any related Fees and Charges, including transactions with Cards issued to Additional Cardholders.

3.6 You must only use your Card for lawful purposes. All Cards remain our property, and we may request that you return all Cards to us at any time.

3.7 Pre-authorisation. You may pre-authorise the estimated amount of (or a certain portion of) the final amount of a Card Transaction. The amount of the pre-authorisation may be reflected in the balance of your Funding Account and this amount may be made unavailable for future Card Transactions. Any portion of such pre-authorised amount which is not applied towards the Card Transaction will then be made available to you. FX conversions may occur at the point of pre-authorisation if the Card Transaction is not in the currency of the Funding Account.

3.8 Refunds. If you receive a refund of a Card Transaction this will be credited to your Funding Account with the amount of the Refund in the currency in which the Funding Account is denominated regardless of the currency in which the Refund was paid. You agree that we shall process any FX Transaction in accordance with the FX Service Terms.

3.9 Authorisation and suspension of Card Transactions. We may need to authorise Card Transactions as the issuer of the Card. We may in our reasonable discretion deny authorisation and/or suspend the use of your Card if:

3.9.1 the balance of your Funding Account is insufficient;

3.9.2 the amount of the Card Transaction exceeds any transaction limit we place on your Card from time to time;

3.9.3 we suspect that there is fraud or a security issue;

3.9.4 we suspect that your Card is being used for an illegal purpose; or

3.9.5 you have materially breached the Customer Terms or these Card Service Terms.

3.10 We will give you notice of any denied Card Transaction or suspension of a Card and the reasons as soon as we can where this would not breach Applicable Laws.

3.11 Where possible we will do this before the suspension is put in place, unless to do so would compromise our reasonable security measures or otherwise breach Applicable Laws.

3.12 We will lift the suspension of a Card as soon as practicable after the reasons for the suspension have ceased to exist.

3.13 Before we authorise a transaction, we may require you to confirm your identity by following certain steps specified by us.

3.14 You acknowledge and agree that we are not liable to you or any other person for any loss suffered as a result of an authorisation being denied or a Card being suspended.

3.15 Card Transaction limits. We may from time to time agree transaction limits on your use of the Card which may be based on the number or amount (whether of individual Card Transactions or in aggregate).

3.16 Other third-party organisations may impose additional restrictions on the amount of your Card Transactions.

3.17 We may also place limits on the number of Cards you can request from us each month or that you may have active at any given time.

4. No responsibility for goods and services purchased with Cards

4.1 We accept no responsibility for the quality, safety, legality, or any other aspect of any goods or services purchased with a Card. Any complaints about any goods or services purchased with a Card must be resolved directly with a merchant.

4.2 We are not liable for any loss that may arise if a merchant refuses to accept a Card.

5. Card Management

5.1 Cancelling a Card. An Authorised User can view details of the Cards that have been issued to them and you or any Authorised User may request that any Card be cancelled or temporarily suspended at any time.

5.2 You acknowledge and agree that you shall remain liable for all Card Transactions with a Card in respect of the period up until the Card is cancelled.

5.3 Card restrictions. You may, via the Equals Money Platform, over the phone or by email, request that we place restrictions on:

5.3.1 the maximum amount of a Card Transaction with a Card; and/or

5.3.2 the types of purchases for which a Card may be used.

5.4 We will inform you through the Equals Money Platform, over the phone or by email if we approve such a request.

5.5 It is your responsibility to notify each Additional Cardholder of any restrictions that apply to a Card.

6. Safety and security

6.1 You acknowledge and agree that:

6.1.1 only you or an Authorised User can use a Card issued to you; and

6.1.2 only Additional Cardholders may use a Card that has been issued to them.

6.2 You must regularly monitor your Funding Account to make sure no unauthorised Card Transactions have occurred.

6.3 You must comply with the safety and security measures in respect of Cards as set out in section 6 of these Card Service Terms and ensure that any Additional Cardholders do the same.

6.4 You must also comply with any additional security requirements we notify to you from time to time and ensure that any Additional Cardholders do the same.

6.5 You acknowledge and agree that we may disclose any information to law enforcement agencies if we suspect there has been any unauthorised use, misuse or fraud in connection with your Card.

7. Lost or stolen Cards and unauthorised use of Cards

7.1 If you believe a Card has been lost or stolen or used without your authorisation you must notify us immediately via the Equals Money Platform, over the phone or by email.

7.2 You must cooperate with us in investigating any claims in connection with the loss or misuse of a Card.

7.3 If you suspect that someone that is not authorised to do so knows any of your Card Details or Security Credentials relating to a Card, stop using the Card and contact us immediately via the Equals Money Platform, over the phone or by email.

8. Liability

8.1 Without limiting any clause of the Customer Terms, you will be liable for all unauthorised transactions where you have contributed to the loss by:

8.1.1 breaching or compromising the security of your Security Credentials; or

8.1.2 delaying the reporting of the loss, theft or misuse of your Card, Card Details or Security Credentials.

8.2 For the avoidance of doubt, we do not accept any liability where you have acted fraudulently or with gross negligence in losing your Card, Card Details or Security Credentials or where you fail to notify us of the loss, theft or misuse as soon as you become aware of it.

9. Chargebacks

9.1 We may be entitled to seek to reverse (chargeback) Card Transactions where you have a dispute with the merchant that supplied the goods or services.

9.2 To avoid losing any rights you may have to dispute such a Card Transaction, you should:

9.2.1 tell us as soon as possible after the date of the Card Transaction via the Equals Money Platform, over the phone or by email; and

9.2.2 provide us with any information we ask for to support your request via the Equals Money Platform, over the phone or by email.

9.3 If we are satisfied after investigation that you are entitled to reverse a transaction in accordance with Network Rules, the amount initially debited for the transaction will be credited to the Funding Account.

10. Expense management and bill payments

10.1 You may assign permissions to Authorised Users to:

10.1.1 review and approve Card Transactions made by Cardholders; and/or

10.1.2 review and approve invoices relating to the Card Service.

11. Definitions

11.1 In these Card Service Terms, the following definitions apply:

"Additional Cardholder"

means a person to whom we have issued a Card to access the balance of your Payment Account at your request.

"Card"

means Mastercard-branded cards issued to you in accordance with these Card Service Terms.

"Card Details"

means the 16-digit account number, expiry date and (CVV/CVV2) code of a Card.

"Card Transaction"

means the purchase of goods or services using a Card.

"Customer Terms"

means the Equals Money Customer Terms and Conditions available on our website.

"Funding Account"

has the meaning given in section 3.1 of these Card Service Terms.

"Physical Card"

has the meaning given in section 2.1 of these Card Service Terms.

"Virtual Card"

has the meaning given in section 2.1 of these Card Service Terms.

SCHEDULE 2

FX SERVICE TERMS

Under an agreement with Tribe Ltd, we provide you with access to card and payment services. Tribe Ltd acts as a programme partner and is not a regulated financial services provider. Tribe Ltd are contracted with Veloce Esports Limited to run the "Kolab by Veloce" fan-super-app, which governs your relationship by a separate agreement. We are not a party to that agreement and are not responsible for its terms or performance.

1. Introduction

1.1 Where we agree to provide the FX Service to you, the following terms (the "FX Service Terms") will apply in addition to the Customer Terms.

1.2 The FX Service is provided by Equals Money PLC.

1.3 You agree to pay the Fees and Charges applicable to the FX Service.

1.4 Unless otherwise defined in section 12 of these FX Service Terms, all capitalised terms have the meanings given in the glossary available on our website.

1.5 By using the FX Service, you accept and agree to these FX Service Terms.

2. The FX Service

2.1 Service Provider shall provide you with the following services in accordance with the Customer Terms and these FX Service Terms:

2.1.1 "FX Conversion" being an agreement between you and us for the exchange of one Supported Currency for another Supported Currency at the agreed FX Exchange Rate that will settle in the Trading Period; and

2.1.2 "FX Forward" being any agreement between you and us for the exchange of one Supported Currency for another Supported Currency at the agreed FX Exchange Rate that will settle at a date that is later than the Trading Period.

2.2 The FX Service is not regulated by the FCA and is not protected by any compensation scheme.

2.3 We will not provide investment advice or personal recommendations in relation to FX Transactions.

2.4 We will act as principal in relation to the FX Service. We will not act as your agent in relation to FX Transactions.

2.5 You are responsible for obtaining any legal, accounting, financial or tax advice you may require in relation to the FX Service and its suitability for your needs.

2.6 To the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, we do not owe you any fiduciary duty or any similar obligation in respect of the FX Service.

3. FX Forwards

3.1 We do not provide a currency trading service. You acknowledge and agree that you may only enter into FX Forwards for the purpose of facilitating payment for identifiable goods or services. If we reasonably believe that you intend to enter into FX Forwards for other purposes (including but not limited to engaging in currency trading), we:

3.1.1 may refuse an FX Order relating to an FX Forward; or

3.1.2 if we have already accepted your FX Order, we may cancel the FX Forward.

3.2 You represent and warrant at the Commencement Date and on an ongoing basis that you are a non-financial counterparty for the purposes of EMIR.

4. Placing an FX Order with us

4.1 Order requests. You may place a request for an FX Order (an "Order Request") via the Equals Money Platform by taking the steps and providing the information as prompted.

4.2 We reserve the right to refuse an Order Request for any reason. We may, without limitation, refuse an Order Request if you:

4.2.1 have violated the Customer Terms or these FX Service Terms;

4.2.2 have insufficient funds in your Payment Account to pay for an FX Order; or

4.2.3 fail to pay an amount you owe to us in accordance with these FX Service Terms when such amount became due.

4.3 We are not required to notify you of our reasons for refusing an Order Request, but may choose to do so unless prevented by Applicable Laws.

4.4 FX Exchange Rates. The indicative FX Exchange Rate will be communicated to you via the Equals Money Platform and will be available for immediate execution only. The indicative FX Exchange Rate may quickly change due to fluctuations in the foreign exchange market and we have no obligation to make such exchange rate available to you on a continuing basis.

4.5 You acknowledge and agree that the final FX Exchange Rate in the Quote we give you in accordance with section 4.7 may therefore differ from the indicative FX Exchange Rate due to market fluctuations and other factors which are outside our control.

4.6 We shall set out the final FX Exchange Rate for each requested FX Order in the Quote.

4.7 Quotes. If we accept your Order Request, we will provide you with a quote ("Quote") which will include:

4.7.1 the final FX Exchange Rate for the exchange of Supported Currencies;

4.7.2 the amount in the relevant Supported Currency you will be required to pay us for the FX Transaction including any fees and charges (the "Settlement Amount");

4.7.3 the date on which you must pay us the Settlement Amount (the "Settlement Date");

4.7.4 the amount in the relevant Supported Currency we will pay to you for the FX Transaction (the "Delivery Amount"); and

4.7.5 the date on which we will pay you the Delivery Amount (the "Delivery Date").

4.8 Confirming an FX Order. If you accept a Quote, you are agreeing to place an FX Order and enter into an FX Transaction with us.

4.9 You may not cancel an FX Order once you have accepted a Quote.

4.10 An FX Order is legally binding on you and we shall have no responsibility for any error or inaccuracy in your Order Request (e.g. if you have inputted the wrong amount or Supported Currency).

4.11 You may request that we amend or cancel an FX Order if it has not been executed. We may, in our absolute discretion, amend or cancel an FX Order but we have no obligation to do so.

4.12 If you submit an FX Order after 5pm on a Business Day or on a day that is not a Business Day (e.g., a weekend or bank holiday), your FX Order will be deemed to be received on the next Business Day.

4.13 FX Orders for FX Transactions that are to be executed at a future date will be deemed to be received on the date on which you wish the FX Transaction to be made.

5. Execution of FX Orders

5.1 It may not always be possible for us to execute your FX Order. You acknowledge and agree that we shall be under no obligation to execute your FX Order.

5.2 We may not execute your FX Order for, among others, the following reasons:

5.2.1 there is a lack of liquidity in the market for the relevant Supported Currency;

5.2.2 there is market disruption; or

5.2.3 Applicable Laws would, in our reasonable opinion, prevent us from executing the FX Order.

5.3 We shall not be liable to you where we have declined an FX Order or have been unable to execute an FX Order.

6. Confirmations

6.1 Following the execution of an FX Transaction, we will provide key details of the FX Transaction (a "Confirmation") via the Equals Money Platform.

6.2 The issuance of a Confirmation means that the FX Transaction can no longer be cancelled.

7. Settlement of FX Transactions

7.1 You shall pay us the Settlement Amount and any fees and charges on the Settlement Date.

7.2 You agree that we may debit the Settlement Amount from your Payment Account on the Settlement Date without further reference to you.

7.3 We shall pay the Delivery Amount to you in the relevant Supported Currency on the Delivery Date.

7.4 We shall credit the Delivery Amount to your Payment Account in accordance with your instructions.

7.5 If you have instructed us to fund a payment to a third party with the amount we owe to you in relation to an FX Transaction, such payment will be executed in accordance with the Customer Terms.

8. Netting of payment obligations

We may offset any amount we owe you against any amount you owe to us. This may reduce the Delivery Amount we are required to make to you on certain Delivery Dates.

9. Termination of FX Transactions

9.1 If you wish to terminate an FX Transaction prior to the Settlement Date, you may request a quote for this (a "Termination Quote") via the Equals Money Platform.

9.2 The Termination Quote will include our charge for early termination (the "Early Exit Charge").

9.3 We shall have no obligation to provide a Termination Quote and may refuse to do so in our absolute discretion.

9.4 If we agree to provide a Termination Quote, it will be available for immediate execution only. We have no obligation to make the terms of such Termination Quote or the specified Early Exit Charge available to you on a continuing basis.

9.5 We will calculate the Early Exit Charge on the basis of various factors including market conditions and any costs we have incurred such as the costs of hedging the FX Transaction. The Early Exit Charge may therefore be a significant amount and we are unable to predict what it might be at any particular time.

9.6 When you pay an Early Exit Charge, this will discharge your obligations in relation to the relevant FX Transaction.

10. Margin

10.1 We may require you to pay funds to us as security before executing your FX Order ("Margin").

10.2 We may also require you to increase the amount of Margin after the FX Order (a "Margin Call") during the term of the FX Transaction.

10.3 You must meet any such Margin or Margin Call within 24 hours or we may cancel your FX Order or FX Transaction (as applicable).

10.4 Any such Margin or Margin Call shall be for the purpose of securing all your actual or contingent, prospective, present or future obligations to us under these FX Service Terms.

10.5 We shall acquire full ownership of any amount paid to us as Margin and shall deal with such funds as our own.

10.6 We will owe you a debt equal to the amount of any Margin received by us. We shall pay to you all or part of any amount of this debt to the extent that we consider, in our discretion, that the amount of Margin you have paid exceeds the amount required by us to secure or cover all your obligations under these FX Service Terms.

10.7 Margin held by us is not treated as electronic money and is not safeguarded. In the event of our insolvency, you will rank as a general creditor of ours in relation to any such Margin paid to us.

11. Risks

11.1 You acknowledge that you have considered and accepted that FX Transactions carry risks, including, but not limited to:

11.1.1 Credit risk. FX Transactions are entered into between you and us on a principal-to-principal basis. You are therefore exposed to the risk that we fail to perform our obligations to you under these FX Service Terms.

11.1.2 Market risk. Foreign exchange rates fluctuate due to market volatility and other factors including economic and political events. Such fluctuations could affect the value of FX Transactions.

11.1.3 Liquidity risk. Supported Currencies may be or become illiquid. This could affect the execution or settlement of FX Transactions. You must therefore be prepared to remain in an FX Transaction until it has settled as you may not be able to exit an FX Transaction early.

12. Definitions

In these FX Service Terms, the following definitions apply:

"Confirmation"

has the meaning given in section 6.1 of these FX Service Terms.

"Customer Terms"

means the Equals Money Customer Terms and Conditions available on our website.

"Delivery Amount"

has the meaning given in section 4.7.4 of these FX Service Terms.

"Delivery Date"

has the meaning given in section 4.7.5 of these FX Service Terms.

"Early Exit Charge"

has the meaning given in section 9.2 of these FX Service Terms.

"EMIR"

means:

(a) Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories, if you are an EEA Customer; and

(b)the UK version of Regulation (EU) No  648/2012 on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, if you are a UK Customer.

"FX Conversion"

has the meaning given in section 2.1.1 of these FX Service Terms.

"FX Exchange Rate"

means the exchange rate that we offer through the Equals Money Platform at the relevant time for an exchange of the relevant pair of Supported Currencies.

"FX Forward"

has the meaning given in section 2.1.2 of these FX Service Terms.

"FX Order"

means an instruction from you for us to provide an FX Conversion or FX Forward.

"FX Transaction"

means an FX Conversion or an FX Forward.

"Margin"

has the meaning given in section 10.1 of these FX Service Terms.

"Margin Call"

has the meaning given in section 10.2 of these FX Service Terms.

"Order Date"

means, in respect of each FX Order, the date that you confirm an FX Order with us in accordance with section 4.8 of these FX Service Terms.

"Order Request"

has the meaning given in section 4.1 of these FX Service Terms.

"Quote"

has the meaning given in section 4.7 of these FX Service Terms.

"Settlement Amount"

has the meaning given in section 4.7.2 of these FX Service Terms.

"Settlement Date"

has the meaning given in section 4.7.3 of these FX Service Terms.

"Termination Quote"

has the meaning given in section 9.1 of these FX Service Terms.

"Trading Day"

means a day of normal trading in the jurisdictions of both the currencies which are the subject of the FX Transaction.

"Trading Period"

means the longer of:

1. two Trading Days from the Order Date; or

2. such longer period from the Order Date that is generally accepted in the market for an exchange of the Supported Currencies to which the FX Conversion relates.

ANNEX A

Fees and Charges

ANNEX A

Fees and Charges

Amounts are shown per subscription tier. Currency is GBP for UK Personal
and EUR for EU Personal. "N/A" means the item cannot be charged for that
segment - Faster Payments is UK-only.

UK PERSONAL                             Everyday   Premium     Ultra
------------------------------------------------------------------
FPS IN                  per payment         0.30      0.24      0.15
SEPA IN                 per payment         0.25      0.20      0.13
SWIFT IN                per payment        13.50     10.50      6.50
FASTER PAYMENTS OUT     per payment         0.30      0.24      0.15
SEPA OUT                per payment         0.25      0.20      0.13
SWIFT OUT               per payment        15.00     12.00      7.50
FREE INTERNAL TRANSFERS?                     YES       YES       YES
FX MARGIN               per payment        1.65%     1.15%     0.65%
ATM                 per transaction         3.00      2.50      1.50
CHARGEBACK           per chargeback        30.00     25.00     15.00
ACCOUNT FEE                 monthly         5.00     20.00     50.00

EU PERSONAL                             Everyday   Premium     Ultra
------------------------------------------------------------------
FPS IN                  per payment          N/A       N/A       N/A
SEPA IN                 per payment         0.30      0.24      0.15
SWIFT IN                per payment        16.20     12.60      7.80
FASTER PAYMENTS OUT     per payment          N/A       N/A       N/A
SEPA OUT                per payment         0.30      0.24      0.15
SWIFT OUT               per payment        18.00     14.40      9.00
FREE INTERNAL TRANSFERS?                     YES       YES       YES
FX MARGIN               per payment        1.65%     1.15%     0.65%
ATM                 per transaction         3.60      3.00      1.80
CHARGEBACK           per chargeback        36.00     30.00     18.00
ACCOUNT FEE                 monthly         6.00     25.00     60.00
TAMPERED
